Things I should not say (or Waking up on the other side.)

Dear Emilie,

I'm scared to write this. 
I'm scared of what I will write, what I will tell you and perhaps I'm scared of what you will think of me.

But please at the end of reading this dont think bad of me. Please think of my words as positive and know that our friendship has become one of, if not the ost important thing in my life. Im not sure quite how that happened but it unquestionably has. 

Ive said this before, quite a few times actually, but I really feel that you have woken me up in my life and shown me the light I should be striving for. No matter what I will always be breatful and indebted to you for showing me this path. Its a struggle sometimes to stay heading in the right direction, its new to me after all, but I can already feel the great positive influence on my life.Thank you one million times over.

Right now, at this moment, Im content to just be in contact with you, to message you, to talk on the phone sometimes, to get a glimpse some times in a VC...these moments make up my life. Always thinking and waiting for the next.

You asked if I was OK if you came to Sydney. The honest answer is absolutely yes, but like I said, in a few ways it really scares me, in fact it makes me freeze inside and want to run as far away as I can.

It's the same when I think about moving to Vancouver if you were to stay there, for us to work at the same place at the same time together. Even just be in the same city. It doesnt really matter where it is. Its the most amazing prospect in many ways but Im scared of what it would be for us, of fighting my feelings again.

It's kind of dangerous for me, so easy to fall into it seems. I dont think I'm as strong as you, I know this infact as you are by far the strongest person in may ways that I know.

So here is my problem..

I'm in complete awe of you (I've said this a number of times before) and everything you do makes my feelings for you stronger. I'm not really sorry to say it at all. You are absolutely amazing to me. Beautiful, kind, compasionate, honest, intellegent, elegent, and lovely in the most wonderous ways. I said you deverve the world and I'd be happy to try to give it to you.

I have never loved someone as much as I love you. I feel that before I didn't even know these feeling were possible.
This isnt a sexual thing (although sometimes I guess it is) it's more about the companionship and connection. I constantly feel drawn to you. So deeply its prodound. Before I think it was you that mentioned soul mates. I still feel the same, so connected in someway that it often scares me, but in a good way. 

Ive been trying to stop these feelings but I feel it's hopeless, I really dont like fighting them. Its the fighting that gives me anxiety, not you or the feelings themselves. If I let myself fall into them I feel that I am fine, and I felt when you let go and did the same then everything was so wonderful. 

Im not realy willing to give up on something or someone that feels so right. I feel I would be cheating myself if I did. I know I would regret it for the rest of my life and Im very sure that nothing will ever match it again.

I know right now you have so so so much to deal with, I completely understand that. So I keep telling myself that I should give you space and wait. And thats where I get a little scared.

I'm sure you noticed while I was in Vancouver but I got quite jealous a number of times. I have been thinking about this alot, its really not like me and I have not really felt it before. I think it was because I felt that we were not really together ever in my time there, from the start you said this. I did not know what I ment to you and was scared that some other person could so easily take my place. 

I guess thinking about it now, my realisation is that I was quite selfish at the time. But because you had not said any different, I felt that you would slip away so easily. To run back to Igor... to say you now love Jacky... to marry Christian... or some other off hand comment. It tore me up inside because I was so scared that you would leave me alone, that I was not as important as the others, that I didnt matter or that I came last. Its so strange.

This is why Im terrified if you come here or I go there. Im scared of those jealous feelings. If you found a new boyfriend (which you should have every right to do) I would be completly shattered. It would completely destroy me right now. Im scared of you not wanting me but being so close. Im scared of fighting the feeling again. 

So two things:
1) The fear seeing that I have lost you.
2) The fear of continually having to fight my own feelings.

I guess the crux of it is that not only have my feelings not changed, but they keep getting stronger. 
Im not sure what really my hopes or dreams are. Of course I hope that I can change your mind, to feel what you seemed to feel before and seem to fight against sometimes too. For you to love me like I love you.

If you asked me to come to Vancouver to be together, and you were serious about it I would come tonight if it was possible. I like really honestly would. I would do anything for you. You have some strange power over me and I would go to the end of the world at your simple wish. I guess thats part of where I am right now. Im fighting and hiding my feelings for because having them in the open hurts you. I dont mean them too. But they do.

I know we really have already had our ups and downs. Really Emilie its been insane. Ive never felt such polar emotions in my whole life. You always say you hurt me. I dont really think that is true. I often think we actually hurt ourselves. To me it seems most of the pain again has come from fighting ourselves and not really each other, then then we turned that fight to the other, maybe because it was easier..I dont know. For me I know this is true. Sometime I think I see its true for you too. Im sure you may say its not, but its what I see.

Ok, now the hard part..

Before, when we were often talking about us, you would mention William as to why you couldnt do it, why you felt you couldnt be with me. You said you were waiting for him, that he was the ideal, that you would wait your life for him. Its interesting, I often would think that I felt the same about you. That you are the holy grail in my life, you are the highest bar to reach for and I am fine to wait for you forever as long as I know you are there. I think I still feel the same.

Im really sorry how all that turned out for you Emilie. 

The story of William that is. In many ways and quite often I feel the blame if all my fault. Not for what happened of course or for how you dealt with it, but with how it turned out in the and and your realization and understanding in the end. Im pushed pretty hard and still now Im not sure it was the right thing to do. I suggested you should go to the psychologist many times, I kept saying you should try to find out. I feel you have made such a positive mark on my life and Im sorry to have put you on the path to this.

Its really affected me in a way that I was not expecting.

With William I knew I could never live up to him. I didnt want to, I dont want to. I think I said many times that I would never want you to forget him.

When you told me what you had discovered on hipchat I went for a walk and cried quite a lot. I have again since then and will likely again many times in the future. I cry for you. I cry because I want to make things better for you. I dont want you to hurt anymore. I dont want you to be alone. I want to make everything fantastic in your life. I often feel I could if you just let go and let me try. I want to always be there for you.

I feel what we did while I was in Vanccouver was kind of inevitable. It was totally a terrible time for both of us to be doing it though. But often it just felt like the most right and natural thing in the world to do. My feeling is that if we had waitied it may have all turned out differently. Im not sure though, I cant change the past so I dont know why I think about it so much. I guess I feel I messed up and am scared I have missed my chance to set it all right. I hope not. but probably. 

You are not leading me on. I have never thought that you did. you said it very often but I have never really agreed. I often feel you have been trying to justify in your own mind what we did, how close we bacame and the fight against our own feelings. I Still have hope, probably always will. In many ways Im ok with that. Im just a little scared for myself. To see you eventually move on and leave me behind is the thing that I dread the most for the future, something I dont think that I could stand to experience.

I still have hope. not for right now. Im ok to wait. 
I still have hope...I know its something you have said you dont want to hear but how could I ever just change those feelings? those dreams? To me its beautiful and wonderful, it makes me feel alive, YOU make me feel alive Emilie.

Ok. Now for the second hard part.

Ive said before I cant change my feelings. Many times. Please dont expecct me to. Ive been trying to hide it recently from you.
For a while, when I got back here I tried to forget you, forget everything. Thats when my anxiety got bad. 
Again that fight against myself.

I actually tried to go on a date. LOL. Although it was OK there was no chance that I will or would have any feelings towards anyone like I do towards you. It was good to get out of the house but really thats about it. In not going to try to do that again. Its not what I want. Distraction is fine but it felt not fair to anyone.

I guess Im trying to say fighting my feelings is not working out for me. Id rather embrace them but realise I can not do that again without you.

So that comes to the final point I guess. (I could easily go on forever but this is quite long for someone who is not supposed to talk about their feelings!)

Although I admit freely my feelings for you and aknowledge that I dont think I will or even can change them in the near future, I believe that I must respect you and your wishes, whatever they may be. Its very important for me to be your friend. You are my best friend. Often it feels like we drift into more then that and that scares me a little sometimes. It feels like we could easily keep drisfting and it would still feel right and natural.

But I need to do the right thing and give you your space. Give you your time. Give you your peace. Let you have your time and decide how you feel once your mind calms down. Once both our live calm down. Maybe you will feel the same as now (whatever that may be), maybe you will realise you feelings are different then what you though for better or worse. Who knows. But Ill really try hard to be here for you whatever you choose. As a friend first always.

You have awoken me and given me so much Emilie, and the best thing you gave me was your friendship, sorry Im always dreaming for more. 

Love Simon.








